on Rollo Lee (John Cleese): "Big cats over there right?"Zoo Keeper: "Yes."Rollo: "And small mammal house there?"Zoo Keeper: "That's right."Rollo: "Good... Mammals."Zoo Keeper: "Ah... Have you any background in animals?"Rollo: "Well, I've eaten a lot you know... Sorry joke."~ ~
on Rollo: "(speaking about Rod McCain their new boss) He has built up a global empire currently worth over 6 billion dollars and growing..."Bugsy: "How Much does he want in the end?"Rollo: "What?"Bugsy: "How much bigger does he want to get?"Rollo: "Well there aren't any limits, he wants's growth..."Bugsy: "Presumably he's aware of Dr. E.F. Shumachers concept of limited resourses or as John Paul Starks puts it..."Rollo: "Any sensible questions"~ ~
on Lemur Keeper: "Are you going to close the zoo"Rollo: "Well, I'm very glad you asked me that."Ape Keeper: "No you're not."Rollo: "Yes I am!"All Keepers: "No you're not!"Rollo: "Now look!"~ ~
on Rollo: "How do we cut costs and attract more visitors?  Well, I'll tell you, from my experience at Octopus Television what draws the biggest audiences all over the world... long pause... VIOLENCE... Oh yes, Mr. Sylvester Stalone did not get where he is today by playing in Jane Austins, therefore, in this zoo we require only animals that are potentially violent... Fierce Animals!"~ ~
on Rollo: "Now these are your meerkats correct."Laraby: "Don't do that, please sir... please they go strait for the throat."Rollo: "Now this new plaque yours laraby says that they're know as the pirahnas of the deasert.  Is that right?"Laraby: "They can strip a human carcass in three minutes."Rollo: "My encyclopedia says that they are easily tamed and often kept as pets."Laraby: "No, you've not been attacked by one sir."Rollo: "Nobody has been attacked by one Laraby... or rather if they have, they never noticed.  Now these Patagonian Maras of yours, um, devestate entire argentinian villages do they?"Laraby: "Oh, they completely wipe them out.  It's shocking to watch."Rollo: "It says here they eat grass!"~ ~
