on Young Big Lou (Jack Hallet): "You deadbeat son-of-a-bitch where's the rent."renter: "I'm a little short right now.  I want another week."Big Lou: "Another week?  Another week?  What do you say Louie?  Should we give him another week?"Young Louie (Daniel Baltzman): "Ah Ok."Young Big Lou: "Ok?  Really?  You sure?  Remember, that $3.00 I give you every week really isn't an allowance.  It's more like a percentage.  You let this guy scate, that means you only get $2.70.  Ok now remember the other tenants are gonna want another week.  You know what that means, pretty soon your down to nothing, zero, zip.  No ice cream, no soda, no candy. YOU GONNA STEAL CANDY OUTTA MY KIDS MOUTH?"Renter: "No man no."Young Big Lou: "Then gimmie what you got."~ ~
on Young Big Lou: "One down 63 to go.  There you are Louie."Young Louie: "You're a buck short dad."Young Big Lou: "No it's all there.  Take another look.  You may have made a mistake."Young Louie: "Dad!"Young Big Lou: "January is a tough month."Young Louie: "So is December.  Gimmie my money."Young Big Lou: "That's my boy."~ ~
on Louie (Joe Pesci): "She goes in and out all day.  In, out, in, out.  See that's how the door broke.  Your supposed to go in and stay in.  She goes out to buy milk, she buys one milk.  She goes out to get eggs she gets two eggs.  You get them by a dozen pal.  A dozen.  You ever hear of a dozen?  You ever hear of a dozen.  A Dozen."Hispanic Tenant: "No intiendo. Est no bueno, no good.  It's broken."Louie: "But, it worked before you broke it.  It ain't my problem.  You understand?  It worked... It worked before you broke it. (While typing into a pocket translator)"Translator: "(speaking in spanish)"Hispanic Tenants: "(argue adamantly in spanish)"~ ~
on Eleanor (Titos' gramma): "Look at my boy.  How's he supposed to study at night with no electricity, by candlelight?"Louie: "Lincoln did."~ ~
on Leotha (Beatrice Winde): "Do you know what kind of droppings those are?"Louie: "Moose droppings."Leotha: "Rat droppings Kritski"Louie: "You really know your bleep don't you? (laughs) (and laughs some more) What's the matter?  Ain't you got a sence of humor?"~ ~
