on Girl at Pancho's (O-Lan Shepard): "I was looking at the pictures on your wall.  And I was wondering, how come a fancy pilot like Slick over there doesn't have his picture up there?  What do you have to do to get your picture up there, anyway?"Pancho Barnes (Kim Stanley): "You have to die, sweetie."~ ~
on Slick Goodlin: "Some people say the sound barrier can't be broke.  an engineer will tell you it's an absolute, like the firmness of the earth.  The sound barrier is a farm that you can buy in the sky.  They'll tell you the controls will freeze up.  You can't budge the stick.  They'll tell you anybody tries to break it will auger in.  Well, now, maybe it can't be broke.  Then again... maybe it can.  Maybe it can only be broke for a specified sum."~ ~
on Chuck Yeager (Sam Shepard): "Well, I'll tell you what.  Half these engineers have never been off the ground, you know.  I mean, they're liable to tell you that the sound barrier's a brick wall in the sky.  It'll rip your ears off if you try to go through it.  If you ask me, I don't even believe the damn thing even exists."~ ~
on Air Force Officer: "Who you calling?"Liaison Man (David Clennon): "The press.  This is big news.  The sound barrier's finally been broken."Air Force Officer: "No, sir.  No press."Liaison Man: "What?"Air Force Officer: "No word of this is to go beyond the flight line."Liaison Man: "Well, what's going on here.  This is big news.  We need coverage of this."Air Force Officer: "No, sir.  Sorry, no press.  Those are orders.  National security."Liaison Man: "But the war's over!"Air Force Officer: "Well, look, pal, maybe they don't want someone to know."Liaison Man: "Who?"Air Force Officer: "Well, the Russians, maybe."Liaison Man: "The Russians, they're our allies!"Air Force Officer: "Well, anyway, someone figured it out that way, and that's the way it is."~ ~
on Liaison Man: "Word will get out, Major.  Maybe not to the press, not to the general public.  But pretty soon, every fighter jock, every rocket ace, every rat-racer in the country will be headed this way.  Each one of them, wanting to push the outside of the envelope and get to the top of the pyramid."~ ~
